If humans don't keep exercising their lips, their brains stop working.  
'Groop, I implore thee, my foonting turlingdromes'
'O freddled gruntbuggly ... thy micturnations are to me'
Aldebaran's great, OK,/Algol's pretty neat/Betelgeuse's pretty girls/Will knock you off your feet./They'll do anything you like,/Real fast then real slow,/But if you have to take me apart to get there,/Then I don't want to go
Oh don't give me none more of that Old Janx Spirit/No, don't give me none more of that Old Janx Spirit/For my head will fly, my tongue will lie, my eyes will fry and I may die/Won't you pour me one more of that sinful Old Janx Spirit
DON'T PANIC
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral Arm of the galaxy lies a small un-regarded yellow sun.
For when you are put into a Total Perspective Vortex you are given just one momentary glimpse of the entire unimaginable infinity of creation, and somewhere in it a tiny marker, a microscopic dot on top of a microscopic dot, which says "You are here."
In a high dimension of which we know nothing the mighty Khan bellowed with rage, but Mr Prosser only trembled slightly and whimpered
Life, the Universe, and Everything is ..... 42
Meanwhile, more millions of miles away than the mind can comfortably encompass, Zaphod Beeblebrox was throwing a mood again.
Silently the aircar coasted through the cold darkness, a single soft glow of light that was utterly alone in the deep Magrathean night. It sped swiftly.
The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why and Where phases.
The pink cubicle had winked out of existence, the monkeys had sunk away to a better dimension.
The ruler of the universe dozed slightly in his chair.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Too busy. Too modern. Too skeptical.
two-to-the-power-of-Infinity-minus-one to one against ...
Under law the Quest for Ultimate Truth is quite clearly the inalienable prerogative of our working thinkers.
When he heard the words "integrity" or "moral rectitude", he reached for his dictionary, and when he heard the chink of ready money in large quantities he reached for the rule book and threw it away.
Any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terrible odds, win through, and still know where his towel is is clearly a man to  be reckoned with.
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they’d all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place. And some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no one should have left the oceans.
The Hitchhiker’s Guide says that the effect of drinking a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick.
'Space’, the Guide says, ‘is big’. Really big. You just won’t believe how vastly mindbogglingly big it is. I mean you may think its a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.
Meanwhile, the poor Babel Fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation.
Vogons wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers ... without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as firelighters.
The dolphins had long known of the impending destruction of earth and had made many attempts to alert mankind of the danger; but most of their communications were misinterpreted as amusing attempts to punch footballs or whistle for tidbits.
’Forty-two’, said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.
The marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation defines a robot as 'Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With'.\n\nThe Guide defines the  Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as 'a bunch of mindless jerks who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes'
Beeblebrox, the man who invented the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster, ex-confidence trickster, once described as the Best Bang since the Big One, and recently voted Worst Dressed Sentient Being in the Known Universe for the seventh time ... has he got the answer this time?
What is this great task for which I, Deep Thought, the second greatest computer in the Universe of Time and Space have been called into existence?
... Men were real men, women were real women, and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri ...
It startled him even more when just after he was awarded the Galactic Institute's Prize for Extreme Cleverness he got lynched by a rampaging mob of respectable physicists who had finally realized that the one thing they really couldn't stand was a smartass.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
My doctor says that I have a malformed public-duty gland and a natural deficiency in moral fibre and that I am therefore excused from saving universes.
Reality is frequently inaccurate.
The argument goes something like this: ‘I refuse to prove that I exist,’ says God, ‘for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious.
So what you are saying is that I write poetry because underneath my mean callous heartless exterior I really just want to be loved?
The Guide says there is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
